Tell me your doubts in detail.
He went to such great lengths
to make it look like the head
and body were completely separated,
almost creating the effect of a bizarre car accident.
Why didn't he leave the head?
But actually, even Lu Wei himself didn't know
whether he ran over a living person or a corpse.
If there was a head,
once Lu Wei confessed,
the police would think
the facts were clear,
and the evidence was sufficient,
and close the case as a car accident.
Just like back then.
Back then is back then.
There's nothing suspicious about Master's case.
He was my Master too.
What about now?
Do you agree with my deduction?
Your deduction is valid.
So why is the head missing?
I suspect the killer
took the head away on purpose.
To dump a body in such a remote place,
they must have used a vehicle.
But why
is there no trace left?
Captain Sun.
Look closely.
This tire track is narrow and shallow,
and it's overlapping with a larger vehicle's track.
It's indeed very easy to overlook.
That means after dumping the body...
The killer
deliberately followed the tracks of large trucks.
Once the large trucks started moving frequently,
they would easily cover up
the tire marks
he left behind.
Because there are cameras on the highway,
he didn't dare to take it.
He had to return to the city via dirt roads.
So,
we can expand our scope
and check the ring road surveillance.
Found it.
This one
at 11:47
suddenly appeared on West Huancheng Road.
This car
was last seen on the traffic camera outside Ziming Gardens
at 12:24.
The owner is Kong Jiao.
She lives in Building 3, Apartment 8-A, Ziming Gardens.
Let's split up.
Mr. Yan and I will go upstairs.
Lin Xiao, Jia Peng,
you guys check the underground garage.
8-A.
Knock, knock, knock.
Is there a time bomb
planted in this house?
Every few days,
a bunch of people come making a racket.
I'm telling you,
if you keep this up,
I'll call the police.
Hello, ma'am.
We are the police.
Oh,
officers.
You should have told me earlier.
Hey.
The couple in that room,
did they do something wrong?
Oh,
I always felt there was something wrong with that guy.
Ma'am,
tell us,
what was wrong with him?
That guy
had no manners.
He'd always make a lot of noise coming back from the night shift,
and he was always covered in rust scraps.
He got it on my bedsheets a few times.
Rust?
Ah, I remember.
One time,
he dropped a screwdriver
this thick and this long.
He picked it up and ran off.
Was the rust on him reddish-brown
or bluish-gray?
Well,
it wasn't really red,
nor was it gray.
Anyway, it was like
the color of a blood scab.
Red iron ore slag
mixed with the color of metal oxide.
It matches the corrosion characteristics of illegal mining transport vehicles.
Ma'am,
tell us more.
How was the couple's
relationship usually?
Oh, I remember now.
Last month,
I heard outside
some crashing noises.
I looked out through the peephole.
I saw the woman
run out, holding her shoulder.
The man
took an iron bar this long,
pointed at her and said,
'If you run again,
I'll break your legs.'
Tell me,
is that something a human would say?
What's the man's name?
Oh,
I have no idea about that.
That's all.
Thank you, ma'am.
Thank you.
Okay.
Hello, manager.
Please open the door to room 8-A.
Here is the search warrant.
Yan.
Kong Jiao must be
living with another man.
All the daily necessities
are for two people.
Underwear.
Money.
Her ID is here.
None of her basic necessities
are missing.
But the surveillance footage captured
Kong Jiao's car.
Theoretically,
she is a suspect.
Judging by how tidy her house is,
it doesn't seem like she fled after a crime.
Kong Jiao probably isn't the murderer.
Could the murderer be
the man who abused her?
Maybe he killed someone,
used her car
to move the victim.
The murderer was ruthless
and meticulously planned it.
The execution of the plan was very calm.
Kong Jiao
might have been taken away by the killer.
Jiang E: 18238
Lin Xiao.
Captain Sun.
Kong Jiao's car was found in the underground parking.
We'll be right there.
Lin Xiao,
put it away.
Captain Sun.
What is this?
Could it be left by the killer?
Hey.